Jkislin makefile setup job enhancements (#587)
CDCgov/pyrenew-hew: README.md

Reviewer: I am missing some of what you wrote as the description of the PR in the `README.md` file. I think is good to provide at least a single example for a quick start and explain what it does, for instance:

```
If you run `make run_timeseries`, this is equivalent to running
...

More details are provided in the `Makefile`.
```

I know these are documented in the `Makefile`, but still, as a newcomer to the project, it's always nice when you can get a glimpse of the project from the README.md file.

Author: I'm with you! Actually, I wanted to know what @dylanhmorris thought of putting SOP information directly in this repository, as it's currently only on `cdcent` github.

Container images pushed to the Azure Container Registry are automatically tagged as either `latest` (if the commit is on the `main` branch) or with the branch name (if the commit is on a different branch). After a branch is deleted, the image tag is remove from the registry via the [delete-container-tag.yaml](.github/workflows/delete-container-tag.yaml) GitHub Actions workflow.

## Running Model Pipelines
> [!NOTE]
>
> Please contact a project maintainer if you believe you need access to pipelines.

> > Specific environment setup steps required can be found on CDCent Github.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Specific environment setup steps required can be found in the [Routine Forecasting Standard Operating Procedure](https://cdcent.github.io/cfa-stf-team-materials/routine_forecast_sop.html).
```
